Oh, who did I think it was?
Turns out it’s you
What bad luck
Bright and early
Hearing a dog barking
You
Forget it
After all
I’m about
To marry into the Wú family
From now on
I’ll rightfully
Be a rich lady
And you
Can only be Qín Fēng’s
Lowly mistress
Looking at it
Qín Ruò Yǔ
What do you have to be proud of?
The Wú family
I remember before he died
Fù Jiā Hào
Sent a video to the Wú family
And you can still
Marry into the Wú family unscathed
Must’ve
Taken quite a bit of effort, huh
How do you know about the video?
You’d have to ask Fù Jiā Hào
The same video
Why did he send me a copy?
I mean, how big was the grudge between you two
That before he died
He still wanted to use me
To take you down